So let's create a menu in a store front.
The staff room provides three different menus.
And what are going up in the back of Wordpress for a kid in the Knesset like Iberians and menus.
You can also access to the menus in their customize that you can pick it up customize and for a kid
you can select menus and you can create the menus.
In my case I went Laddie's in the back in because I'm going to show you how to add something very nice.
In the in your website in your store.
So let's create a few dozen menu of menu here you can see we added your menu below.
But you can see we have these empty and we have created a new menu so you can click here.
And what we're going to call these when main obligation some denied that of course you can name these
whatever you want and create a menu.
So now we have created the menu and you can see at the bottom we have three different display locations.
These three belong to a storefront.
So it's important for example if you decide to use a storefront and then you register the menu and then
you decide to change to a different bad theme or even a different theme.
These are going to be different.
So keep in mind that so we Karadi the main navigation thing we need to attach these to the primary menu
in the store from in theme or in or child.
If you remember inheriting all the functionality from the Valentinian to a child.
So we have access to these three menus.
And of course you can create more menus.
In my case it Indri enough to achieve that and that we want to make say the menu angrezi you create
a menu in say the location and you're going to start menu items.
What are going to get a mule in from it and then I send them home and then going out the menu knowing
where we're going to make their own laws.
And you can see here in the sand.
We have come about as a star contact cause you're going to wow those blog contact us shop and we're
going to add these to the menu.
You can see how many welcome us.
BLOCK Contact Us and shop you can preorder these really easily.
You can only click here and rack the.
Now you can see we have some that we're going to save these An I'm going to close these Greedo the front
end and you can see we can welcome you how about us shop blog and contact us.
So for example if you want to change the tags that we have here.
Welcome.
You can click here on this dango that is put into the bottom and click on the navigation label you can
change these to come of course you can change this to whatever you want but you're not easy to come
and save and reload again an agency we have come we've had about us shop blog and contact us.
I want to create another item.
The menu is going to be called the My Account menu and right after the shop I'm going to add these save
the menu and wrote and they see my account in your country here.
It's going to take you to their account page and so for example if you want to make their account of
item of the shop you can only click here and there are to right.
And you can see if we have this dotted line so you can continue that into the right.
And when you see that change mean you can say sobeit them.
So say the menu again and reload.
So now we have a shop and you can see we had a triangle pointing to the bottom.
And if you over here you can see I will keep my account.
So this is a way out.
This is where you have pages but you can answer that post so you can see at the moment.
We only have the Kellow were those our custom things.
Let's say that you went to your Facebook page you're going on Facebook or Twitter or YouTube any web
site you can be it can be added here on the custom links.
They were has categories these categories Milans to the polls that we have here.
And then we have and they will commerce and points.
So I think it's going to be nice if you come over here and you can see for example the categories that
we provided.
So for example if I open brokes categories and you can see we have four categories right here.
So it will be nice.
For example if I go over here and I can see those four categories right.
Well that feature is kited in commerce.
You can be easily added into your menus right here so scroll to the top and get on the right you will
find these clean options begin and you will find product categories right here.
You can click here and close the screen options and a new menu is going to be added right here.
We have broke categories so for a kid who cannot be or is going to have all the categories you can select
all.
Now you can see where they got to go read or check and you can add to the menu.
So how can those guides in PBF concretes and Torchwood's and we can pre-contract to reorder these into
our shop so something like these will work and say to many and reload.
And you can see if I covered up now I up they pick up the bodies from our brokes.
So for example to something candle's and we don't have any candell So we're going to try and guide some
PBF.
You can see we have these guys.
And in fact the killer in shop is going to play all day all the pros that we have of course at the moment
are Istar Cass.
Very few brokes bother with the pass of the cause.
We're going to continue adding more and more so the more problems that we have the better this is going
to look at the moment it looks at it all.
MT But that's fine.
But to continue doing so in the next video we're going to see the other menus.
So for example you can click here and you can see that we have a secondary menu and a handheld menu.
So let's continue working with the secondary menu in the next video.